you
all right hey everyone this is ice
lobster here we got dead rocks swear in
the lab coat yes griggs youtubers can
you tell where we are and minecraft.net
4 verse and hook them up before and
everybody just anybody watch the video
if you can't tell where we are well
we're playing the the videos name then
get in problems you're probably retarded
I want to go to a doctor what is the
document hey well I catch them it's a
medicine for that we are in the heroes
house of which i'm going to change the
time outside alright mom son pokemon
which pokemon that is well we shall find
out shall we dodo dodo once again if you
didn't know where we were by the title
hell it down yeah we're doing to reach
your white be any oh it's okay anyway
some facts about this map or building
we're doing everything in a two-to-one
scale ratio which means everything is in
is twice as large as it is in the game
we had this issue we tried making we
consider making everything 11 scale
because you know it's minecraft is big
but everything in the game is one block
like the characters are one blocked all
the blocks are one block obviously but
minecraft we're two blocks tall it was
scale well at all bases yeah everything
is waging small yeah so we scaled it up
to 20 we had to do can I say something
you know how in Pokemon the the houses
are instanced well in line crash we
don't have that so we originally tried a
1 1 ratio and we're like wait a second
these houses are like hello small they
were basically like yeah super small
apartment for Oak's lab yeah so we had
to we had to make them
21 the scale ratio and then we also had
to make things a bit larger that they
really were to make to make it so people
could actually like like avatars in
Minecraft could actually get inside and
I feel claustrophobic so we've been
working with that everything I mean it
actually it makes things look more
realistic I mean obviously right now
everything looks pretty good in my
opinion over here are we going to do the
video okay so there's your sign
Professor Oak's lab yeah I try to make
it as accurate as possible but kind of
difficult as you can see here they look
like books but it's actually computer
servers so don't be fooled together
these are computers servers the pictures
we got from with the Pokecraft texture
pack the main texture pack we're using
as the sort X and the UL HUD HUD we have
the GUI is from this fax bdcraft so
basically we can agree on one pack so we
just like the three together yeah when
we made one that we that we like there
was also an issue with with like depth
and height if you notice in the game
pretty much everything is virtually flat
so what we had to do is we were we
improvised with some of the designs
making everything look less dull and
unwrapped in the game where the trees
wall you off you don't actually do that
because they don't think we can but in
like we've the thing is there's really
nothing behind these trees like you'll
be disappointed there's not like yeah a
black jars are behind there we we
definitely found a secluded area and
we're hoping we can fit everything in
this this area that we built we have
route one down there completed and most
of Viridian City completed everything in
Pallet Town is pretty basic so our next
the next videos you're going to see it's
going to be there going to be a lot more
extravagant route 1 maybe not so much
because it's just a
out it is a cool route because its large
it puts you in a first-person
perspective of the route it's realistic
we exemplified the depth thing some more
so you actually are like traveling
upwards and they're out and then brabant
city is just large some of the buildings
we had a we had a difficult time
recreating but with some improvisation
and some creativity we were able to
successfully create a good image for
it'll be a surprise like don't reduced
don't repeat the stronghold incident
with the like part of the video just
just expect awesome yeah I mean we were
planning on doing a teaser for pallet
town itself but pallet town itself is it
easier because it's so basic it turns
out pallet town's hella small so yeah we
did we did we did a teaser for the
pallet town would be like trilling
everyone so we're hoping this is going
to you know what your palate you guys
will come back for more videos they're
going to be a lot better than this so
definitely be checking back we're really
excited about this project I see Lobster
and I don't want to go to sleep at night
because we're just working on this it's
awesome it's hella cool though because
once we build his cities just legit yeah
and we know this has been attempted by
other people we're hoping to create a
more realistic version of that with more
attention to detail and it's going to be
a little improvised you know maybe it's
more realistic is what I have to say
about it so definitely check back tell
your friends tell everybody put my
lover's ball bearings your mom's your
father's kids siblings cats and
parasites cats parasites and and the
moths outside your window tell them
because they fly places
so they can fly on by and check this out
yeah there we go Oh anyway everybody so
definitely check back subscribe baba
comment like feedback we will see you
next time so justice associates Oh